before we begin let me start by saying
money cannot buy you happiness but yes
it can
the Stars if I'm moving today
ah the American Gigolo except in this
movie he's paying for it
Erin Brockovich ain't never seen that
damn movie big guy who always plays a
nice guy in his movies but you can't
ever remember what he was in Princess
Diaries that guy who always plays a dick
in his movies but you can't ever
remember what the [ __ ] he was in either
Shallow Hal played on story begins with
this slimy slug lawyer named Stuckey
walking around the party being a creep
and reminding everybody that he kisses a
lot of rich ounces meet Edward
that's upon which stuck his lips are
usually planted he's on the phone
arguing with his woman who's Jeannette
him for treating her like a hooker she's
like look I ain't gonna be at your beck
and call
I don't care how fine your actives oh if
that's your real hair or if you're
respectful to me on the phone while I'm
being a talk oh if I saw an American
Gigolo that you got that massive [ __ ] oh
why is she leaving him again oh right
because the hero can't be very heroic if
he's got a girlfriend while he's picking
up hookers
so he's like fine I'm gonna take a ride
and stuck his car with the wind blowing
through my perfect hey down here with
the average folk just trying to buck for
living we meet tennis
I mean Vivian and Vivian is broke
because her BFF the crack ho kids keeps
buying drugs with all the money they
make selling and back at their place of
employment it's like I'm hungry and I'm
like maybe that's because you spend all
your money on crack and the only thing
you ever put in your mouth is dick man
Edward who obviously can't do without
help pulls over they on [ __ ] Street
while he tries to figure out where the
hell he's going and how the hell he's
gonna get that million works her it's
over to him and she's like you looking
for a date sugar
he's like no I just broke up with my
girlfriend got lost and conveniently
ended up here on the corner of Hollywood
and home she offers him directions for
ten bucks and when he says no she
meticulously places her in his window
look at all this meticulousness suddenly
he is convinced he can afford $10 and
he's gonna let her drive while she
chauffeurs his spoiled to his hotel
Sheehan treats him with genius
information like did you know your foot
as as long as your arm from your elbow
to your wrist that ain't true oh my god
then she tells him she charges $100 an
hour and he's like that's pretty stiff I
hope this is not a sexual in your window
because I simply cannot condone big
jokes and they go to his pit house where
he paisa then wants to talk about their
feelings and how he's scared of heights
and can't enjoy the view from the
balcony because he's too good to go out
there and she's like can we just please
hold the dingdong out already then he
ordered champagne and strawberries
because he's a gentleman trying to give
this Paul broke hooker taste of the good
life just before he offers her a taste
of his mark and he's like how much to
spend the night and she says $300 you
know how it is you buy wholesale and get
a discount think of it like shopping in
save a thought so the next morning after
he's been on the phone dictating to his
lawyer she tells him his dictate like
money
as it turns out Vivian's about to get
more money and dictating because Edward
needs somebody to spend the whole week
with him because he doesn't need any
romantic hassles just supposed to act
like he got a ladies attack along with
him to all his business [ __ ] oh and
he got to negotiate because he don't
want to buy his [ __ ] at full price
forget this he talks it down from $4,000
to $3,000 but then tells her he would
have paid for water so Vivian goes out
to buy some better clothes that don't
show off her goods and she runs into
these frigid Jews see this is why you
shouldn't wear too much cosmetics
you have one day where you're grumpy and
then it'll just Harden and you'll never
look the same again and before you know
it you won't let hookers buy clothes
that you fancy stole so Vivian leaves
crying and goes back to her hotel where
she stopped by the hotel manager and
he's like well we don't normally allow
our guests to entertain working girls
such as yourself
so if you want to stay here with Edward
you need to get yourself some clothes
from someplace other than the big and
tall horse stalls and Vivian says well I
tried to get some nice big him don't hit
and it was like no [ __ ] and money didn't
so he gets on the horn and he's like yes
women's clothing this is sad little
hooker here and she needs to look more
not hooker later Edward picks her up in
the hotel bar for her first real date
that doesn't require a rubber or a trip
to the free clinic and they go to a
fancy restaurant where they overcharge
Edward for some potted meat on a cracker
and he discusses his plans to buy out
this old man's business while Vivian
charms everybody she meets and gags on
the leaf yeah like that's the worst
thing she's ever tasted later back at
the penthouse
Edward decides to confide in the hooker
he just met the day before about his
dead daddy and about how ain't nobody
gonna be feeling sorry for that old man
at dinner who don't want ever buying his
company did you know Richard Gere
composes pcs playing in this scene oh
yeah and after he bangs on the piano he
bangs on Vivian you know sometimes it's
just right itself the next day Edward
who never had time for any other woman
has time to take Vivian shopping to
protect her from the miss Meany faces
now I don't know why she ain't wearing
the cocktail dress she just wore the
night before and had she been wearing
the same underwear for three days if so
I'm not sure if that's hot or nasty
so while Edward goes to earn more money
Vivian Spencer and while Vivian is
shopping Edward who has been spiritually
moved by his two nights in bed with
Vivian starts questioning the ethics of
taking advantage of the old man
struggles and is much of an Soler
Stuckey ed you gotta give him props here
for being the only one in this movie
who's like oh all of a sudden you get
some good that changes your life and
suddenly I'm
the bad guy what else Oh Mall healings
everyone's like boohoo my daddy left me
of my mama when I was little whose daddy
hasn't so I bought his business out from
under his bed be dead it didn't make me
feel better and I'm right now things to
spend my money on so now to make myself
feel better I buy hookers and a polo
match the next day which is a scene they
totally ripped off from my fair lady
except that was a horse racing cougar
thing of it this whole damn movie is my
fair lady
except ain't nobody singing and Eliza's
life didn't require daily doses of
penicillin what are we talking about
right the polo match with Snooki sees
Vivian talking to David the old man's
grandson and Stuckey gets most
suspicious
Edward admits that much like Stuckey
himself Edward is paying Vivian to suck
his D so Stuckey goes to Vivian and
tells her he knows the truth and that
after Edward leaves town he wouldn't
mind giving her a little pickle tickle
Paul Vivian she's like I feel so cheap
and it was like well maybe y'all to
raise your prices so much fan was not
wanting any romantic hassles she's like
give me my money I want to go she wants
to leave get call a bluff I want to
leave my you can probably find elephants
with smaller than Richard Gere's and it
was like don't leave baby I don't want
you to [ __ ] it stuck it and this is a
fairy tale so they make up a moment the
next day Stuckey gets pissed at Edward
for leaving work early to go on a date
with Vivian and Vivian and Edward flies
to the Opera in Edwards private jet Oh
for [ __ ] sake did this movie have
intercourse with Twilight and squeezed
out that fugly baby named Fifty Shades
of Grey the next day he misses work
again to spend the day with the hooker
well might as well get his money's worth
and Vivian learns what it's like to go
from wearing the same underwear for
three days to changing your outfit every
three hours later she sees him sleep in
which he said he never does and she's
like oh I don't solve all your problems
here let me put my big nasty mouth on
you
next morning Edward tells Vivian he's
leaving for New York the next day and
then he's setting her up for a free ride
in a fancy car she's going to get an
apartment a limo a driver and all the
clothes she wants and Vivian's like no
that sounds like I'd rather serve before
11:00 and it was like what's the actual
expensive and Vivian says well you see
when I was a little girl but I always
wanted was for Heroes right up on his
big white stallion throw his big I mean
so and climb up to the attic where my
mama locked me up so the hero could
rescue me from my mama okay that evil
that locked me in the Attic and
butchered my self-esteem which thing
called me to pack my bags and move to
hookerville because apparently the
writers of this movie thinks that when a
Danish Sun and Sun he grows up to be a
handsome millionaire and when a mama son
or daughter she grows up to be a broke
surely after Edwin carries his daddy
complex to work and tells the old man he
wants to help him with his business
instead of buying it and he spent some
time feeling the grass with his big ugly
golem feet and all of Edwards skin
around give Stuckey time to work out the
deal with the old man go to Edwards
Hotel and try to force himself on Vivian
then Edwards hero-senses stalked England
and he teleports his find it right to
the scene of the crime and saves the day
but just when you think he's gonna hang
upside down in the rain while she takes
off his superhero mask and kisses him
while he slowly suffocates god I always
hated that scene you're gonna have to
wait because Vivian leaves oh here I'm
getting brave overcoming his fear of
heights I'll tell you who the real hero
is this poor hotel owner that's been
trying to get people to notice him this
whole damn movie he's the only one smart
enough to get the same limo driver who
took Vivian home to drive Edwards so
they know where she lives
he's like you are special kind of dumb
bit what the kind of hero is this Edward
I mean he don't ask her nothing about
how he can reach her later you got to
depend on a hotel manager and a limo
driver to find his woman can't even
drive a climb a single your ladder to
get up so she meets him halfway down
because we're all equal here and I'm
just sitting here like girl I'm your
backup to your dump of an apartment and
say if you won't visit
come and get it you know what I'm just
gonna shut up now and be sure to LIKE
share and subscribe for your regular fix
of meth you can expect me to upload
videos everytime I need money to buy
some happiness and that get expensive
for movies explained for I'm Jam or dial
always time to dream so keep on dreaming